Good morning everyone (Imitate Jacksepticeye)
Today is the only day we can enjoy in the UK.
So I decided
I am going to shoot Vlog and let myself leave the computer desk.
I am wearing shorts
I know
very nice
Marzia has always wanted to buy the inflatable pool of children for a long time.
I think that is pretty ruby ​​but it sounds good.
Marzia: What did you say?!
So today we are going to buy a swimming pool.
Really enjoy the summer in the UK
I am afraid that you do not know that this is my temporary equipment.
Now I am in the place of vacation.
This is almost the same as the equipment I bought for Japan.
All can be loaded in the box
~ Equipment introduction ~
This is the camera I bought in Japan.
This is a 4K camera so why do you sometimes see my pores?
I am afraid that some people will be curious that this is a recording device.
I usually see a lot of walls on the YouTuber that have one square.
The problem is that you have to spray super glue to stick it.
My previous equipment has also been used.
Once you stick to the wall, you can never get it down.
I don't want to ask for trouble anymore.
Then I use these babies
See who this is?
How do you sleep in this dog bed?
Oh...
Edgar: I love you Felix~
Edgar: I also love your chicken.
Do you want to see something cute?
Edgar: Ok, shoot it~
Not Edgar is not you.
come
Maya thank you for helping me clean
Hahaha
掰~
Oh, sorry, sorry.
Hey, do you think who always wants to attract attention?
I found out how the vacuum cleaner will run there?
Which one do we want to choose?
Marzia: It seems that there is only this choice.
In fact, I think it should be OK.
Marzia: No
How about this fighter version?
Marzia: Wait a minute, there is another thing.
This looks so bad
OK, let's buy Marzia: Ok.
My God, Marzia, you made a mess.
My goodness
This is me then this is you
Marzia: Engen
can not wait anymore
Marzia: It's me and Edgie (Edgar) and Puga.
My god, two calm points.
I forgot to buy a pumping bucket.
Edgar, are you going to blow it for me?
I even remember that I still remember to buy an inflatable bucket in the store.
So if I let the waterbed
I mean this stuff that is inflated to hold water.
Fill it with water?
Hmmmmmmm
You know that Bill Gates has a famous saying.
He said he would rather hire a lazy ghost
Because they always come up with smarter ways to solve problems
We just do it
That’s right, as you can see, everything is fine.
Marzia, we are in trouble.
This robot is a hassle to go and leave Marzia: No!!!!!! Marzia: Ah?
Go somewhere else
Good to control the camera
Oh, it’s coming back to come to me for revenge.
do not hurt me
To be honest, I will be afraid
Right, don’t stop, don’t stop.
Since you can swim next to the water, why swim in the water?
Marzia, I found one thing.
Filled up for so long...
Marzia: What!? What!!
Why is there a hole here?
So it seems that I have been pouring water into the hole that is used to drain the water.
whatever
I am honored to let Bill Gates see this scene.
Come to fill the water, baby!
You are not allowed!
Do not
Edgar is afraid of water
But I think it is just afraid of the waves
Is this your favorite song? Marzia: That's right.
Marzia: I feel good about me
Marzia: Very nice!
Marzia: Don't shoot it.
Ok, we have to come, though only a little bit.
Is it a bad idea to go into the hot water?
Marzia: No! It should be fine.
You know that the YouTubers pool is quite big.
And I am like this
喔~ Very good~
Please add more water, thank you.
The best moment for the whole girlfriend will definitely be wonderful.
My goodness
It seems pretty cool, you see
Like a little chest
Very cool, look at you.
You
what!!!!!!!!
You... bad!
I have a whole barrel of bullets here, you know?
Have I lost you?
How was it lost?
I lost your ass? Marzia: Right!
Hey, now I know how the title of this film is going.
嘿Maya 嘿Maya Marzia: Don't...
She can't see her getting worse and worse.
嘿Maya!
Good next
Hahahahahahahaha
Is it difficult to pick up? You usually pick up it.
Very slippery?
No, no, no, no, no
It’s hard to be
Ok, now the water should be warmer.
Well, actually.
We are about to shoot
Marzia: This is great, I said it.
We are going to help Mariza take pictures.
What do you mean by you?
Ma zza zas??
Do you know that I used to be the best goalkeeper?
what!!!!
My child~
Edgar loves to play with water
Right, Edgar?
(help me)
He wants to escape
Not bad
correct
Not terrible
Want to hold Maya in?
She will float up, she is so fat
Hey, wait for her to stand up Marzia: What are you talking about?
乖 girl 乖 girl
Marzia: She won't be afraid
Marzia: You are so cute.
Edgar, do you want to play again?
Maya: How do I get out?
Maya: I don't like it.
Maya: Take me out of this human.
My God, he is crazy, what happened to him?
caught you!
Edgar: What happened? Ok, now you have to shoot slow motion, this is definitely super wonderful.
You can't see it, but I am very badly sunburned. I feel it.
very good
Very good
Oh...yeah~
I don't know if it is an albinism insect?
Or is it just a graffiti on the wall?
I have never seen it before.
I can't believe you found it. Are you a freak?
Good good guy, good, nothing, nothing.
I think you have to take it? Let it go?
Ewww
It doesn't quite fly
Buggy adventure with PewDiePie and Marzia
Caterpillar
Marzia Do you think I have a way to nail it to the wall?
I am afraid that you are curious and everything is going well.
Everything went well but Marzia felt that I was not nailed straight enough
but
Nothing is perfect, this is not my fault.
I screwed up everyone, I messed up.
Good TV on the wall
Heite has to say that P is going up.
What do you think of Edgar?
If you need me to nail TV for you
My service includes installation services
YouTube’s income is too low, so please
If you can give a tip, you are too grateful.
No matter how far I am willing
Coffee can also be transnational
Install TV at a cheap price as long as 399
Now has passed the climax of the film.
Nothing will be more interesting than installing TV.
There is nothing better to shoot.
I will wait to read <Starship Warfare>
It’s not very good to watch movies, but I like it very much.
A great day off, thank you for your company.
I hope you like this Vlog. If you still want to watch Vlog.
Do you know what you should do
You have to press it, don’t like it.
On this channel we have to reverse the operation
We are different, we are more powerful, we are amazing.
Please, please, please, joking.